---
layout: post
title: Why I decided to try Web Development
---

Long ago back in the 10th grade I decided to take a class on web design. It was a very basic class using html to create basic web pages with pictures and tables. But that started a bug inside of me that made me want to learn more. 

Over the years following because of that class I would use the internet to look up more information about building websites. It was always something that interested me. Seeing all this mumbo jumbo and coming out with something that people so casually used every day fascinated me. I found all kinds of different websites that would teach me little bits about building websites. I would just build very small pages just so I could see what the new things I had found would do.  Eventually web design fell by the wayside for me. About 4 years after I had graduated college and I was looking for another way to make some money on the side. What other skills did I have that could make me some money? Then it hit me, Web design! So I went to my local community college and took their courses on web design. Got a certificate and everything. I was very proud of myself but I still didn't know what to do. So I kept looking on the internet. Taking free courses. Trying to push through that barrier I seemed to have that wouldn't let me feel like I knew what I was doing. I had a decent understanding of HTML and CSS but everything else boggled my mind. No matter how many classes or courses I found online Javascript just was out of reach for me. But no matter how much I failed I wanted to get better. I loved making websites and seeing that mumbo jumbo turn into magical web pages. Somehow I learned about web boot camps. I did tons of research. Should I go back to school and get a CS degree? Do people that go into boot camps generally do well after? Is it a waste of money? Which boot camp do you choose? After all that work I had it narrowed down to two camps. I ended up choosing Bloc because it seemed that they were really trying to prepare you for the job world not just trying to teach you the specific languages. Lots of boot camps claimed to teach you all the languages you would need but Bloc was the only one that I had found that prided themselves on showing you how to use them all together in a real world application. They were there to teach you how to survive in the real world not just give you some cookie cutter course work and send you on the way. Once you signed up with them their name is attached to you and they want their name to stand for something. So in the end I chose Bloc and have never been happier in my web journey.
